governance: add trial period for new web-infra members (#95)
nodejs/web-team: onboarding/web-infra.md

- [ ] The **Nominee** should have any SSH or GPG key attached to their GitHub account have passphrases and/or be stored on a physical 2FA device.
- [ ] The **Nominee** should sign their Git commits.

## Phase 2: Full Access (Post-Trial)

After the trial period concludes (typically 3 months), existing Web Infra Team members will assess the new member's performance and trustworthiness. If the team agrees the member is ready, the following tasks should be completed to grant full access.

> [!NOTE]
> Full access may be granted earlier by consensus of existing team members. The trial period may also be extended if the team determines additional time is needed.

### Tasks

- [ ] The **Nominee** should open an issue in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) requesting access to the Web Infra 1Password vault.
- [ ] Elevate the **Nominee** to _Developer_ access on Vercel.
- [ ] Elevate the **Nominee** to _Admin_ access on Sentry.
- [ ] Elevate the **Nominee** to _Admin_ access on Crowdin.

> - [ ] Elevate the **Nominee** to _App Admin_ access on the Node.js Status Page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Grant the **Nominee** _App Admin_ access to the Node.js Status Page.
```
